# MediOps
MediOps- Reliable Doctor Appointment &amp; Operations System
In this website we have eight collections, such as Admin, Doctor, Patients, Appointments, Labtests, Laboratory, Labtest_Result, Prescription. The laboratories will add the laboratory services like test details blood test, hm test and urine sample test etc.. based on these services the appointments will be booked. The laboratory test details will be stored in the laboratory database collection. Appointments will be booked by patients here the patients will be booked with their disease description and added test details, those bookings data like appointment date, time, patient_id and doctor_id these information will be stored in the appointment collection. Doctor registration data such as name, email, phone, address, specialisation, experience and about doctor etc.. will be added to the database, doctor complete details will be stored in doctor collection. Patients registered data like name, email, phone, address, and disease description etc.. will be stored in the patients collection. Prescriptions will be added and viewed by the doctor here the prescription details will be stored in the prescription collection. labTest will be sent by laboratories and the labtests will be stored in lab test collections. Lab test results will be updated by laboratories to doctors, doctors can view the lab test results and also patients can view the lab test results. Lab tests results will be stored in the lab test result collection. 


